set at the end of a cul-de-sac in one of
the most desirable communities in Marin
County is this world-class destination
originally built in 1935 this gated
estate was extensively rebuilt in 2000
with the vision of architect Steven
wiesen Baker and builder Tripp Walters
no expense was spared in creating this
Georgian colonial masterpiece
I'm Michael Jacobson host of the real
home tour and today we're gonna tour
this incredible six bedroom eight and
two half baths approximately eighty
eight hundred square foot residence
let's go inside
and just off the entry is the library
this room features built-in bookshelves
a marble gas fireplace and blackout
shades so you can enjoy the
state-of-the-art audio-visual system
anytime of day one of the greatest
features of this home is this massive 32
by 36 foot great room constructed with
steel i-beams
allowing for three sets of windows the
coffered ceilings impressive crown
molding gas fireplace and casual dining
area complete this entertainers dream
oversized windows frame stunning views
of Mount Tamalpais the southern Marin
Ridgeline and the gardens double French
doors lead out to a private patio level
on and meditation gazebo
the patio features a commissioned art
installation of tiles of the hyperbolic
planes by famous mathematician Helaman
Ferguson the luxurious open kitchen
features Carrara marble countertops and
a large center island with a zinc slab
countertop the kitchen also boasts
Thermidor double wall ovens a large
walk-in pantry a built-in china cabinet
and Franky espresso maker a Sub Zero
refrigerator plus two additional
freezers and for additional refrigerator
drawers and the showpiece of this
kitchen is this calll Martin range and
stove this is one of very few in the
United States
from here you can access the formal
dining room the private office and the
lower level which we'll see later let's
see the dining room the formal dining
room was previously used as an executive
home office and is pre-wired for your
convenience the private office is also
pre-wired and features window seating
storage and inspiring views the main
level is finished with a powder room in
fifth bedroom with ensuite bath perfect
as another office with a private patio
and access to the Cabana and pool area
throughout the home you'll find solid
wood wainscoting and gorgeous 10-inch
distressed walnut plank floors on the
upper level you'll find the master
bedroom suite three additional ensuite
bedrooms a pool room and one of two
laundry rooms located in the home let's
see the bedrooms
each of the bedrooms has outstanding
views of Mount Tamalpais and each of the
ensuite bathrooms as radiant heated
floors it's also worth noting that this
level is fully insulated from the main
level of the home and has air
conditioning and now in the master suite
the master bedroom boasts high ceilings
built in side tables and shelving
electric shades and a concealed TV built
in at the end of the bed the French
doors lead to a private balcony with
amazing views the master bath is luxury
at its finest a free-standing antique
ceramic tub is the focal point of this
space there are two vanities two walk-in
closets two private water closets with
auto flush Japanese toilets and a large
shower with a custom artist's rendering
by Robert stout and Stephanie years and
lastly the pool room
this room has been used as a dining area
for poolside entertaining children's
parties and arts and crafts and includes
a wet bar and half baths this backyard
oasis is anchored by a 50 by 20 foot
saltwater pool with glass mosaic coping
and a 55 foot waterslide
this pool has a large lounging platform
a children's walk around electric cover
and heating pipe through the patio
there's also a hot tub built-in barbecue
area and changing room with full bath
this fully fenced two-thirds acre lot
enjoys all day Sun and amazing views and
finally let's go see the lower level the
lower level features a service entrance
with large foyer a and built-in bench
maid's quarters with bedroom and full
bath and a fully equipped spa sized gym
with full bath and French doors
also located on this level is the
two-car garage mechanical room
communications room and second laundry
room it's worth noting that this
property has four forced-air heating and
air conditioning HEPA filter units a
nine zone radiant heating system a whole
house culligan water filtration system
central vacuum its own natural gas
generator and parking for up to seven
cars on the auto court it is evident
that this home was completed with the
highest level of care and craftsmanship
sure to please even the most discerning
of buyers this world-class residents
somehow manages to provide a warm and
connected environment despite its sheer
size believe it or not we have barely
cracked the surface of all this estate
has to offer
I'm Michael Jacobson and thanks for
watching the real home tour
to schedule a private showing of this
magnificent property contact Beth Brodie
at the following
you